[DataGridPremium] Make `clipboard paste` feature stable (#11248)
mui/mui-x: docs/data/data-grid/clipboard/clipboard.md

:::

:::warning
To make sure the copied cells are formatted correctly and can be parsed,

> it's recommended to set the `ignoreValueFormatterDuringExport` prop to `true`.

Reviewer: nit: 
```suggestion
it is recommended to set the `ignoreValueFormatterDuringExport` prop to `true`.
```
